Over the next year,
you and the rest of the Sparkify team work very hard to become
a worldwide success with millions of customers streaming music every day.
With several of the content deals expiring soon,
the content team needs you to make the same report of
the most popular artists played by your Canadian users.
But after a year of stellar growth,
the log of songs exploded to 200 gigabytes,
way beyond the four gigs that was last year.
So, what happens when you try using
the same Python program that worked so well the previous year?
When you run the program,
which should read in records of song activity for
all users and spit out the artists for the Canadian users,
it seems to go well for a few seconds,
but then your entire laptop seems to screech to a halt.
The music you are listening to stops,
your Internet browser takes several seconds to load,
and your mouse, which is now a spinning wheel,
barely crawls across the screen as you drag it around.
After a few more minutes of this,
you give up and kill the Python program,
which releases your system from this slow motion. What happened?